---
titletext: How to integrate buddybuild's SDK for Android
description: >
  Integrate the buddybuild SDK for Android to access graphical user feedback
  reports, crash reports, tester usage and analytics, and automatic app
  updates.
---
= Integrate the buddybuild SDK for Android

== About the buddybuild SDK

pass:[<i class="fa fa-android fa-3x right"></i>]
The buddybuild SDK is a lightweight yet powerful suite of tools that
integrates seamlessly into your application. The SDK includes a
graphical feedback reporter, a crash reporting and analysis tool,
automatic app updating and usage tracking. The SDK is regularly updated
with new features.

The buddybuild SDK is available for both
link:../android/integrate_sdk.adoc[iOS] and Android platforms and
enables the following features:

[IMPORTANT]
===========
**What's the minimum API version supported?**

android:minSdkVersion="19"


**What version of the Android SDK does buddybuild target?**

android:targetSdkVersion="21"

Example `build.gradle` configuration:

[source,gradle]
----
android {
    compileSdkVersion 21
    buildToolsVersion '21.1.2'

    defaultConfig {
        minSdkVersion 19
        targetSdkVersion 21
    }
}
----
===========


=== Feedback Reporter

With the buddybuild SDK, you simply shake the device to share feedback.
Our feedback reporter sends graphically annotated screenshots, feedback
notes and device metadata to your team.  Integrate with GitHub, JIRA,
and Pivotal Tracker to track feedback as issues.
link:../../sdk/feedback_reporter.adoc[Learn more].


=== Crash Reporter

With the buddybuild SDK, should your app crash, a crash report is sent
to buddybuild. You can browse crash reports and dig into the details of
each crash.
link:../../sdk/crash_reporter.adoc[Learn more].


=== Instant Replay

No more emailing testers for repro steps. Along with each crash report,
buddybuild also attaches a 15-second video of your testers' interactions
with your app's UI right up to the point where it crashed -- allowing
you to instantly see what they did to cause a crash.
link:../../sdk/instant_replay.adoc[Learn more].


=== Automatic Update

Receiving feedback on old builds is pointless - you've probably already
fixed the issue you've received feedback on! It is crucial to keep your
testers and beta users updated on the very latest builds. If a newer
build is available, the buddybuild SDK can automatically prompt to
install the latest version of your app.
link:../../sdk/automatic_update.adoc[Learn more].


=== Usage Tracking

Know when your testers download and launch your app in real time.
Identify who tested your app, when they launched it and what version
they tested. Correlate this with feedback and crash reports to
understand your customers' experience.
link:../../sdk/usage_tracking.adoc[Learn more].

{% include "../../_common/warning-sdk-android-disable_for_production.adoc" %}


== How to install

Enabling the buddybuild Android SDK requires no code changes. Enabling
the SDK is as simple as clicking a button.


=== Step 1: Configure SDK Installation

On your App's page, under the **Feedback** tab, click on the **Try the
buddybuild SDK** button.

image:img/SDK---Android-Install-Button.png["The screen asking you to
install the SDK", 1500, 869]


=== Step 2: Enable the SDK

Enable the SDK in whatever branch you'd like. Typically, the SDK will be
used by your testers, so you'll want to enable the SDK on the branches
that deploy to your testers.

image:img/SDK---Turn-on-branch-Android.png["The Install the SDK screen",
1500, 667]

That's it! A new build is kicked off with the SDK enabled. Install this
build on your device. Open your app and shake your device. See what
happens!

You're all set now to deploy your app broadly to all your testers and to
receive graphically annotated feedback from them!
