---
titletext: Connect your privately-hosted GitLab instance to buddybuild
description: >
  When you connect your privately-hosted GitLab instance, buddybuild
  builds your app every time a commit is pushed.
---
= Connect your privately-hosted GitLab instance

Use this guide to connect any privately hosted GitLab instance with
buddybuild. Buddybuild supports all
link:https://about.gitlab.com/products/[GitLab products] including
*GitLab Hosted*, *Community Edition* and *Enterprise Edition*. If you
are looking to connect with GitLab.com instead see
link:gitlab.adoc[Signing up with GitLab].

Connecting with your GitLab instance grants buddybuild access to your
repository so that it can build your app when you push code to your
repository. Connecting also grants buddybuild API access to manage
webhooks for you, generate commit status, enable the pull request flow,
synchronize access control for team management and more.

Each member of your team that uses buddybuild should go through this
guide to connect with their GitLab account. This is encouraged so that
you can take advantage of team management features.

== Prerequisite

First make sure you have created an account with buddybuild by signing
up with link:github.adoc[GitHub], link:bitbucket.adoc[Bitbucket],
link:gitlab.adoc[GitLab] or by link:ssh.adoc#step1[email].

[CAUTION]
====
Buddybuild rejects connecting to repositories via HTTPS that are
provisioned with self-signed certificates.

Using a self-signed certificate could make it possible for someone to
spoof your repository and inject malicious code into your builds.
====

== Connect your GitLab account

To connect your privately hosted GitLab instance follow this URL,
then select the **GitLab Self-Hosted** option.

https://dashboard.buddybuild.com/apps/wizard/build/select-source

You will see a dialog with two input fields. If you already know your
**GitLab instance endpoint** and have a **personal access token**, then
enter those now. Otherwise, continue reading the next sections to learn
how to get the endpoint name and generate a personal access token.

image:img/Gitlab-Enterprise-2.png["The Connect with GitLab Host,
Community, or Enterprise screen", 1500, 877]


== Configure your GitLab Enterprise endpoint

Your GitLab endpoint is the hostname part of the URL when you visit your
repositories in GitLab. Copy the hostname part of your GitLab server
URL, which often looks something like `gitlab.mycompany.com`. If your
server uses a non-default HTTPS port, then please also copy the port
part of the URL. For example, `gitlab.mycompany.com:1234`.


=== Do you have a private DNS?

Your GitLab hostname must be publicly addressable on the internet. If
you use private DNS for your GitLab installation, then you can use the
IP address of the server instead.


=== Do you have a firewall configured?

If your network infrastructure restricts inbound access over HTTPS from
a set of IP addresses, then you may need to whitelist the IP addresses
used by the buddybuild fleet. Please contact us for the latest CIDR
range used by buddybuild.


== Create a personal access token

Navigate to your GitLab instance and sign in with your individual
account credentials. You do not need to sign in with a GitLab admin
account.

Choose **Settings** from the top right menu under your profile picture.

image:img/Gitlab-Enterprise-5.png["The GitLab Enterprise account
dropdown menu", 1500, 646]

You will see a list of tabs at the top of the page. Click on **Access
tokens**. Create a new token by entering **buddybuild** as the name,
then clicking on **Create Personal Access Token**.

image:img/Gitlab-Enterprise-6.png["The GitLab Enterprise Profile
Settings screen, with the Access Tokens tab selected", 1500, 567]

Copy the new personal access token, a 20-character string with numbers
and letters.

image:img/Gitlab-Enterprise-4.png["The GitLab Enterprise Personal Access
Tokens screen", 1500, 415]

In buddybuild, paste the personal access token into the **Enter your
Access Token** field. Then click **Connect Your GitLab instance**.

image:img/Gitlab-Enterprise-3.png["The buddybuild Connect with GitLab
Hosted, Community, or Enterprise screen, clicking the Connect your
GitLab repository button", 1500, 877]

The dialog should close and display a list of your repositories. At this
point you have successfully completed connecting buddybuild with your
GitLab instance!
